Mary is a female.
A female gender is held by Kate.
Susan has the gender of a female.
John is a male.
Mary lives in a village.
Kate lives in a town with John.
Susan is a resident of New York City.
Taylor Swift lives in Nashville.
Warren Buffett stays in Omaha.
John is inhabited in Tennessee.
A house was rented by Mary from John.
An apartment will be leased from John by Mary.
A car was chartered by Kate.
A textbook is rented by a student from a library.
A truck was rented by John.
A laptop is bought by Mary.
A house was purchased by Kate.
A phone is being bought by Susan.
George is a buyer of a store.
A purchase of a company was made by Kate.
A meal was bought for John by Mary.
A motorcycle is purchased by Mary from John.
A motorcycle was bought by Mary for the daughter for 300 dollars from Bob.
A house was bought for John by Jane at a price of 300000 dollars from a friend.
A car is owned by Mary.
John is the owner of a farm.
Kate is the owner of a shop.
Susan has a house.
A painting is possessed by Mary.
John is a possessor of a factory.
Michael Jordan is born in 1963 in Brooklyn.
Abraham Lincoln is born in 1809 in Kentucky.
Mozart is born in 1756 in Austria.
The bread is baked by Mary.
A burger was made by Kate in the kitchen.
A burger is made by Susan in a restaurant.
A fish is fried by John.
A duck is roasted by Tom.
An egg is being boiled by Mary.
An omelet is being made by John.
An omelet was made by a cook.
A burger is made by a chef.
A suit is dressed in by John.
A jacket is worn by Tom.
A T-shirt is put on by Jack.
A skirt will be put on by Mary.
A blouse was worn by Susan.
Mary travels to New York City.
A trip to China was made by John.
A trip from Beijing to Shanghai will be made by Kate.
Susan commutes to Sydney.
A journey from Brazil to Chile has been made by George.
Google was founded by Larry Page.
Microsoft is founded by Bill Gates.
Mark Zuckerberg is a founder of Facebook.
Robin Li is a founder of Baidu.
A foundation is being founded by John.
Mary studies at Cambridge University.
A bachelor's degree was received by John from Cambridge University.
A master's degree in Biology has been received by Kate from Harvard University.
Peking University was entered by Susan.
Tom graduates from MIT.
Bill Gates is a donor to Stanford University.
Harvard University was endowed with some money by Bill Gates.
A donation of a piano was made by Billy Joel to Stony Brook University.
Some money will be donated by Steve Jobs to a school.
Mary is the daughter of John.
Mary is married to John.
Mary and John are married.
Kate is at the age of 20.
Kate is 20.
Kate is under the age of 20.
Albert Einstein was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics.
Swedish Academy granted the Nobel Prize in Physics to Albert Einstein.
Swedish Academy gives the Nobel Prize in Physics to Albert Einstein.
The Association for Computing Machinery gives Turing Award to Donald Knuth.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences gives Emma Stone an Oscar Award.
A cold is got by Mary.
Kate is diagnosed with cancer.
John suffers from a headache.
Susan is infected with a virus.
Kate is diagnosed with diabetes.
Bill Gates resigns as a chairman from Microsoft.
Jeff Immelt retires from GE.
Steve Ballmer steps down as a CEO from Microsoft.
Mary is an Italian.
John has a British nationality.
Susan is a New Yorker.
Denise is a Parisian.
Mary is a Christian.
Steve is a Buddhist.
Mary has a job of a nurse.
Kate is a teacher.
John works at IBM.
Susan works as a singer.
Tom works in Berlin.
Mary works with John.
Mary teams up with John on a project.
Mary is a partner of John.
Mary dies in Italy.
Kate dies in 1876.
John dies of cancer.
An orphan dies from some hunger.
A gun is used by a soldier.
A machine is operated by a laborer.
A tool will be utilized by a technician.
A phone is being used by Mary.
A chemical weapon was applied by Syria.
A military's use of a nuclear weapon is against a law.
A house was built by Jack.
An airport is being constructed by a company of Hong Kong.
A nuclear plant was constructed by the government.
A dresser is assembled by John.
The construction of a new road is made by a laborer.
Gerald Ford was assassinated by Squeaky Fromme.
50 children were killed by a gunman.
Some young women are massacred by the army.
Rachel is a killer of a policeman.
Jack is arrested by the police for murder.
The police arrested Harry for shoplifting.
A citizen is apprehended by FBI for treason.
Madoff is under arrest by police for fraud.
A governor was arrested by EFCC on a charge of corruption.
A strike against Libya is launched by the US.
An assault on Benghazi was launched by US troops.
A soldier was ambushed by a rebel.
A guardsman is attacked by a mysterious fighter.
A young girl is assaulted by a gang.
Bill Gates is a chairman of the Gates Foundation.
Jordan is ruled by King Hussein.
Xi Jinping is the chief of the Communist Party of China.
Google is led by Larry Page.
Bill de Blasio is a governor of New York City.
General Motors is a manufacturer of some vehicles.
Microsoft is a maker of some software.
Some shoes are produced by Nike.
Pfizer is a producer of some drugs.
Some smartphones are manufactured by Foxconn.
1000000 dollars is earned by Puerto Rico on tourism.
1000000 dollars was made by Warren Buffett on investment.
A revenue of 1000000 dollars on healthcare is generated by Pfizer.
John has a monthly income of 3000 dollars.
A revenue of 300000000 dollars on Ecommerce is made by Amazon.
Rafael Nadal was beat by Roger Federer in US Open.
Hillary Clinton was defeated by Donald Trump in the US election.
Walmart was beat by Amazon in online shopping.
Brazil's defeat in the World Cup is unexpected.
Jack's pain is alleviated by a doctor with a painkiller.
Jack was healed with some antibiotics by a physician.
A soldier was treated by a doctor with Chinese medicine.
Jack's stomachache was cured by a doctor with Aspirin.
A hostage returns to the US.
China has been visited by Shinzo Abe.
George approaches to a hospital.
Donald Trump comes to Texas after a hurricane.
The victory of the war was marked by the arrival of the British army in Normandy.
Los Angeles is exited by John.
A park is left by John.
A military departs from Pearl Harbor.
An opponent escapes from Zimbabwe.
The police is called by Mary.
A senator will be phoned by John.
A potential customer was reached by a company.
An employer is contacted by Mary.
John makes a call to his own girlfriend.
A student protests against the government.
A civilian demonstrates against Saddam Hussein.
A union makes a demonstration against the management of a company.
A form is submitted by Mary to IRS.
A ballot is handed in by a voter.
Some paperwork is filed by a new employee.
A report will be turned in to CNN by a correspondent.
A patent was filed to USPTO by IBM.
Kate Winslet co-stars with Leonardo DiCaprio in Titanic.
Kate co-stars with Leonardo in Titanic.
John Mills acts as a soldier in Dunkirk.
The role of Hamlet is featured by John in a new film.
Vito Corleone was played by Marlon Brando in The Godfather.
Zoe Saldana appears in Avatar.
Captain Jack Sparrow is starred by Johnny Depp in Pirates of the Caribbean.
A protestor is released by the police.
Nelson Mandela is released from prison.
A prisoner is released from Iran.
A criminal is released by FBI.
A treaty was signed by Eisenhower.
John accedes to a contract.
The Kyoto protocol was signed by The United States.
A monarch accedes to a bill.
The UK accedes to a convention.
A paper is published in Nature by John.
A article on waltz is released by John.
A new book is published by Donald Knuth with MIT Press.
A memoir of Winston Churchill is released by Cambridge Press.
A new film is released in Netflix by Angelina Jolie.
A new novel is published by Ernest Hemingway.
4000 dollars was lost by John on gambling.
Some money is lost by a private investor.
A hedge fund has a loss of 3000000 dollars on trading.
3000000 dollars is lost by an airline on international service.
A wallet is lost by Mary.
A robber surrenders to police.
Japan surrenders to the Allies.
A protester gives up to authority.
Chapo Guzman surrenders to prison on a charge of smuggling.
Mukhtar Robow surrenders to the government.
A description of a frame is written by Mary.
A letter is drafted by a senator.
An essay is composed by a student.
A manuscript was typed by John.
An autobiography was authored by Malala Yousafzai.
A watch from Mary is snatched by John.
A painting was stolen by a thief from a museum.
Some money is swiped from a passenger by John.
A jewel is shoplifted from a shop by a gang.
Some documents is embezzled from the governor by a spy.
some slippers is kicked off by John.
A swimsuit is peeled off by Mary.
A raincoat was removed by John.
A blouse was slipped by Mary.
A scarf is being taken off by John.
Spain participates in the World Cup.
A student engages in a workshop.
A policeman is involved in a shooting.
A buyer is engaged in an auction.
A terrorist is involved in an explosion.
Some wheat is grown by a planter.
Some corns are raised by Tom's grandfather.
Some vegetables are grown by Mary.
Some potatoes are grown by John.
Some carrots are grown by a chef.
A book was borrowed from John by Mary.
Some money is lent to Venezuela by China.
Some equipment was lent to an officer by an army.
A violin was lent to a Syrian refugee by Oxford University.
Some shares are borrowed from a company by a seller.
Red Lobster is a seafood restaurant.
McDonalds is a burger restaurant.
Curry Club is an Indian restaurant.
Ippudo is a cheap and Asian restaurant in New York City.
Panda Express is a cheap and Chinese restaurant.
Some coal is exported to Japan by China.
Some oil is imported from Saudi Arabia by the US.
Some automobiles are exported to Korea by Germany.
Some fighters are exported to Iran by Russia.
Some lambs are imported from Australia by the US.
A meeting was scheduled by Mary.
A dental appointment is set up by John.
A trip to Japan is arranged by John.
An interview was scheduled by Mary.
A forum is arranged by some students.