Mary is a female.
Kate holds a female gender.
Susan has the gender of a female.
John is a male.
More than 500 Chinese people live in Westminster, London's biggest community.
The son of a drunken soldier lived for six years with his grandmother in one room.
Stephen was the second resident at Hallerton House to die.
Clare Devenish lived in these two rooms.
Antoinette is staying with friends in Paris at present.
And now they inhabited their house.
Maidstone rented a tiny apartment at the top of a very dilapidated building in the Vomero.
The film crew had leased a large hangar at Ford Island and used it as their headquarters during the filming.
She chartered her own jet for the trip.
This young man rented the old lady's room.
She had flown to Bordeaux the previous day, and rented a car at the airport.
Now I can buy a soda and spend money.
GDA has purchased the site from Laing Homes and plans are being prepared for an 80 million dollar mixed development for business, media and leisure activities.
Four years ago I bought an old Harmony Sovereign acoustic guitar for 20 dollars from an absolute prat.
Reeves Smith was an inveterate buyer of books, and he bought a hotel in Seaford, Sussex.
The Syrian People's assembly had made the purchase of two small nuclear reactors from China.
We bought our cottage from him.
Karen Wilson purchased a porcupine puffer from the local shop.
Abby bought a car from Robin for 5000 dollars.
Iran recently bought weapons-grade fissile material.
The appellants owned a colliery near Swansea.
Mr Sugden was the owner of the car and he had insured it.
Kevin Tatman is the owner of Merit Awnings in Dayton.
I also have a key to the security cupboard.
Kubla Khan possesses a great deal of the confidence of Frost at Midnight.
I am the owner of a cooking school.
James Cook was born here in 1728.
He was born in London in 1555, eldest son of a Master of Trinity House.
Goldstein was born on Sept 23, 1922, in Denver and died in Chicago on June 20, 1944.
Rosalind bakes her own bread and croissants and will prepare an evening meal with advance notice.
Caitlin made some cookies from the pre-packaged dough.
Nina had made a meal of bread and cheese.
Elke has laid the table for the evening meal and fried the eggs.
That evening, I roasted the chestnuts I had picked.
Betty wrought all those peeled potatoes into rosti, and boiled some sausages.
My mother makes excellent fruit cake.
Nana could make a chocolate drink with cocoa beans and goat's milk, and that was the only thing Martha could think of.
Her mother was making breakfast in the kitchen, and her father was turning off the lantern.
Students dress in colourful garb for the display.
He is wearing white shorts, and laughter lines run in deep creases by the sides of his eyes.
She put on a straight yellow skirt, and a matching vest-top.
He put on his shirt and shorts and took my hand.
Laura wore a long, grey satin dress with a big bow which was especially made for her in a more girlish style.
He'll read extracts from the works of American writers who travelled to Paris after the first world war.
She did make the trip to Brighton.
We should take a trip to Hadrian's wall.
In particular, many people have moved to the Wirral peninsula and they commute to Liverpool.
We had a journey in convoy from Liverpool through the Atlantic to West Africa.
Hamas was founded in 1988 by a blind paraplegic cleric who was influenced by the Islamic muslim brotherhood, and he set up charities in the impoverished strip in the 1970s.
In 1576 Pope Gregory XIII founded the Macau diocese covering all of China and Japan.
Mark Zuckerberg is a founder of Facebook.
Robin Li is a founder of Baidu.
We've founded an institute for people with disabilities.
She's been studying photography at Aylesbury College since then.
John receives a bachelor's degree from Cambridge University.
Kate obtains a master's degree in Biology from Harvard University.
Susan enters Peking University.
Tom graduates from MIT.
Lord Anglesey is the donor to the National Trust of Plas Newydd on the Isle of Anglesey.
Prominent amongst them is Peter Nevill who built Riston Grange and endowed many charities.
We made a cash donation of 200000 dollars, fitted 16 pledging sites with nearly 2000 lines at our expense, and installed 2000 miles of computer circuits.
I will now donate the money to charity.
Juliana was the daughter of William Horne of London.
Their mother, Joy, is married to an American airman who she met.
Jack and me got married very quietly yesterday afternoon.
Brian Close recalled to the colors in 1976 at the age of 45.
Kate is 20.
Kate is under the age of 20.
The Nobel Prize in Physics is awarded to Albert Einstein.
Albert Einstein is granted the Nobel Prize in Physics by Swedish Academy.
Albert Einstein is given the Nobel Prize in Physics by Swedish Academy.
Turing Award is given to Donald Knuth by the Association for Computing Machinery.
Emma Stone is given an Oscar Award by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
By the way, you are catching a cold.
Kate is diagnosed with cancer.
John suffers from a headache.
Susan is infected with a virus.
Kate is diagnosed with diabetes.
A year ago he resigned as chairman.
Peter Bibby has retired as deputy director of social services in Brent.
Steve Ballmer steps down as a CEO from Microsoft.
Mary is an Italian.
He's a Brit investigating some occurrences here.
Frances was a New Yorker, totally lost in Nebraska.
Denise is a Parisian.
Paul was a contented Christian.
Steve is a Buddhist.
Usually the suggesters get the job of the news groups management and would only impose their own standards of control.
She applied for a teaching job under a false identity.
Eighty thousand employees work for foreign-owned companies in the region.
He worked as an assistant to George Porter.
He works for Ace Airways.
He works as a driver for an electric animal vet.
The school has teamed up with Assumption Grammar School from Ballynahinch.
Chorus had a similar deal with Thomson CSF for the Inmos transputer, and partnered with other chip manufacturers.
Half a million civilians died in the Galilee and Judea as a result of this first revolt against Rome, a number unequaled in ancient warfare.
Goldstein was born on Sept 23, 1922, in Denver and died in Chicago on June 20, 1944.
Two sisters who know their mother had genetic testing find out her test results.
They died from shotgun wounds.
The South African authorities used unequal education as a tool of oppression too.
Foreign officers could operate radar and other navigational equipment.
The Anasazi utilized such formal agricultural techniques as irrigation.
They use imported raw materials.
Carter had applied television in a somewhat haphazard fashion.
As a result Iran has been making numerous vitriolic comments against Iraq's use of such weapons in international forums.
We build rockets from nothing.
Iran is rapidly constructing nuclear facilities.
The launch sites would be constructed by the United Kingdom, and the missile systems would be fully manned by the RAF crews.
In 1980, for example, Kalmar assembled 22800 cars.
UCB has started construction of a new factory in the US.
In July 1914, Serbian nationalists had assassinated the Habsburg heir.
The Zairian security forces have killed more than 50 unarmed opposition party supporters.
Balcha entered Harar and his troops massacred such Muslims.
Apart from road accidents, cancer is still the major killer of children.
Police arrested two men in Dungannon last night.
Mr Brown was arrested by Saudi religious police two weeks.
Similarly the shops have apprehended the culprit.
On his arrest for burglary, he admitted to all his previous offences with the sole aim.
Pc Elsegood told Wing he was an off-duty policeman and he was arresting him for assault.
US intelligence launched a strike against Bin Laden.
Libya's regime launches military assault in Tripoli.
In Baqubah, northeast of Baghdad, gunmen ambushed a minibus carrying recent police recruits.
Their sordid dormitory was attacked by hooligans.
The gang assaulted him during the drive to Rickmansworth in Hertfordshire.
Coun Pearson, who is chairman of the Conservatives on Cleveland County Council, was speaking on proposals.
The militants ruled the towns by decrees announced on wall-posters.
Jerry Rawlings is chief of defence staff.
Britain will also lead a project dealing with the acceptance of new technologies, and will team up with the US on new materials.
Kowloon's main street was created by Sir Matthew Nathan and he was governor of Hong Kong at the turn of the nineteenth century.
Sparky Ltd are the manufacturers of the product and therefore the defendants.
Fujitsu is Japan's biggest maker of mainframe computers and is a leader in office automation equipment.
The manufacturers produce identical products.
ICI was the only UK-based producer of carbon tetrachloride up until this month.
Iran manufactures weapons for blister, blood, and choking agents.
The 3666 people we helped find jobs in 1998, earned approximately 49 million dollars.
Warren Buffett makes 1000000 dollars on investment.
Pfizer generates revenue of 1000000 dollars on healthcare.
John has a monthly income of 3000 dollars.
Amazon makes revenue of 300000000 dollars on Ecommerce.
The senior team won the Division One championship and beat Lisnagarvey in the NIBA Senior Cup final.
Arkansas Governor Bill Clinton, the candidate of the Democratic Party, defeated the incumbent President George Bush, his Republican Party rival, in the presidential elections on Nov 3.
Tonight England will play the world champions Sweden, who beat Germany 4-1 in the other semi-final.
The German press disappeared after Germany's defeat in the First World War.
A doctor alleviates Jack's pain with a painkiller.
We healed them with our doctor's hands and placed them about our person.
Around a third of haemophiliacs are treated by health specialists in the Oxford Region.
Surgeons test a technique which could cure short-sightedness in just 15 minutes.
George Kennan returned from his visit to Japan in a critical spirit as regards significant aspects of the occupation.
Western delegations had visited the Soviet Union during September.
She approached Hilda's house.
Some students came to school by car.
The arrival of around 20000 ship-borne Albanians in southern Italian ports (mainly Brindisi, Otranto and Bari) from March 1 to 7 caused the Italian authorities severe embarrassment.
He was exiting the Commons Chamber at the end of Prime Minister's Question Time and I was walking along the corridor which he was entering.
The two men left the office.
Flights by Air Europe depart Gatwick on Tuesday or Wednesday.
The family escaped to Chester and then settled on their mother's jointure estates in Yorkshire.
He called the police.
Teena had phoned her husband.
Charlotte had telephoned Derek from Boston late on Friday night.
She immediately contacted a friend to recommend a lawyer.
The office has just had a call from the father.
Sadr loyalists protest new provincial official.
A civilian demonstrates against Saddam Hussein.
More than 2200 people make demonstrations against Assad's regime.
They submitted their evidence to the Short committee separately despite the protests of the other craft committees and council.
Applicants should hand in a short research proposal on their chosen topic.
The Federal Republic of Germany filed an amicus brief.
Putin turns in nuclear terrorism convention for ratification.
Armstrong filed the master patent on FM at the US Patent Office on 24 January 1933.
Daughter Alison, 20, who co-starred with Clint in the thriller Tightrope, went off the rails earlier this year and checked into a drink dependency clinic in Arizona.
Last year Demi, who co-starred in Ghost, hired an amusement park for thirty-seven-year-old Bruce's big day.
Margaret Thatcher played Juliet in a school play.
William was acting four small parts in two different plays.
The first time I met them, a few months ago in a London photo studio, they were having confetti dumped over their heads by a girl who plays Gemma in Neighbours.
Only these actors were appearing in their proper persons in real dramas of a life he did not know.
And this week Patrick Bergin stars in a new TV series -- as a victim.
The police release a protester.
And far too many sex offenders are released from prison.
A prisoner is released from Iran.
FBI releases a criminal.
Belize signed the IMO Convention on Sept 17.
The newspapers were acceding to a request from the US government.
The USSR had signed a Friendship and Cooperation Treaty with Iraq in 1972.
All three states have acceded to the CSCE.
In the event, the United Kingdom acceded to the convention.
We will shortly publish a booklet for every vicar in the country entitled, "The Bells in Your Care".
John releases an article on waltz.
Donald Knuth publishes a new book with MIT Press.
Cambridge Press releases a memoir of Winston Churchill.
Angelina Jolie releases a new film in Netflix.
Ernest Hemingway publishes a new novel.
In a year, the world's airlines collectively lost 1.8 billion dollars on their international services alone.
He had been deceived by a young man who claimed to be the son of a banker, and he had lost money on gambling.
Investors in Stotler Funds lost millions of dollars and filed lawsuits against the NFA which are still pending.
Grade had overstretched himself and lost money heavily on box office flops.
He lost his wedding ring.
The following day it further reported that Mallam Yahaya had surrendered to police.
The protesters eventually surrendered to paramilitary police.
By May 1943, the remaining German and Italian forces gave up at Tunis, to the merged Allied forces.
Over 140 activists of the United Liberation Front of Assam (ULFA) surrendered to the authorities on April 11.
These fugitives, more than 30000 in number, formally surrendered to first Guards Brigade under 6 Armoured Division on 12 May.
He then wrote A Handbook of the Trip to Liverpool in which he gave every detail of the excursion.
The letter was drafted by David Hunt, vice Bevir who was ill.
Yggdrasil composed an exquisite sonnet.
I typed my manuscript in the attic.
Alec Clegg once authored a fable.
A thief snatched a handbag with 560 dollars from a woman.
A busker who stole 32 credit cards from the son of crooked Robert Maxwell is on the run from police.
He swiped my gold watch.
An armed gang has shoplifted jewels worth more than five million pounds from London's Hatton Garden.
Burglars have embezzled several thousand dollars.
Meh Lindi kicked off her slippers.
Suzy peeled off her white pullover.
Bernie shrugged and removed his coat.
He slipped off his white coat and a few minutes later he hurried from the centre.
Anna had taken off her blouse and was waiting for Liz to notice her shoulder.
More than 100000000 voters participated in the elections, the highest number in US history.
Members themselves will engage in the final selection.
It produced CW agents.
They are actively engaged in the learning process and receive direct feedback as to the progress they are making.
DSO National Laboratories, the country's primary defence research organisation, is involved in talks with overseas and local companies.
Farmers grow some wheat and barley for their cows.
The women grow fruit, vegetables and flowers, and raise flesh to sell in the place Mistral.
She had grown some runner beans in the patch of the old vegetable garden he had dug earlier.
Throughout Britain there are 20000 farmers who grow potatoes as part of their farm business.
Farmers grow their crops in the valleys.
On his return, he borrowed money from Harriet.
The unions affiliated with his organization would lend the Teamsters ten million dollars a week for "many, many weeks."
The Army may train law enforcement officials and lend them equipment for use in drug raids.
I lent my girlfriend my car for the weekend.
I am borrowing the book about modal particles from the professor.
Red Lobster is a seafood restaurant.
McDonald's is a burger restaurant.
Curry Club is an Indian restaurant.
Ippudo is a cheap Asian restaurant in New York City.
Panda Express is a cheap Chinese restaurant.
Star Micronics now exports printers to Russia.
The US imported some wheat in the period.
Early 1990s, the British government exported chemicals to Iran.
Springfield exported large numbers to South America, India, Ceylon and South Africa.
Iraq imported calutron magnet cores from Germany.
I've scheduled a monthly satin binge.
Morris set up an interview about his ideas and left a message.
I found out first from the school nurse, who arranged a confidential test.
LSC has scheduled a meeting with its statewide grantees for February 7-9, 2002.
Through Atef, KSM arranged a meeting with Bin Ladin in Tora Bora, a mountainous redoubt from the Afghan war days.