Mary is a female.
Kate holds a female gender.
Susan has the gender of female.
John is a male.
Mary lives in a village.
Kate lives in a town with John.
Susan is a resident of New York City.
Taylor Swift lives in Nashville.
Warren Buffett stays in Omaha.
John is inhabited in Tennessee.
Mary rents a house from John.
Mary leases an apartment from John.
Kate charters a car.
A student rents a textbook from a library.
John rents a truck.
Mary buys a laptop.
Kate purchases a house.
Susan buys a phone.
George is a buyer of a store.
Kate makes a purchase of a company.
Mary buys a meal for John.
Mary purchases a motorcycle from John.
Mary buys a motorcycle for her daughter for 300 dollars from Bob.
Jane buys a house for John at a price of 300,000 dollars from a friend.
Mary owns a car.
John is the owner of a farm.
Kate is the owner of a shop.
Susan has a house.
Mary possesses a painting.
John is a possessor of a factory.
Michael Jordan is born in 1963 in Brooklyn.
Abraham Lincoln is born in 1809 in Kentucky.
Mozart is born in 1756 in Austria.
Mary bakes bread.
Kate makes a burger in a kitchen.
Susan makes a burger in a restaurant.
John fries a fish.
Tom roasts a duck.
Mary boils an egg.
John makes an omelet.
A cook makes an omelet.
A chef makes a burger.
John dresses in a suit.
Tom wears a jacket.
Jack puts on a T-shirt.
Mary puts on a skirt.
Susan wears a blouse.
Mary travels to New York City.
John makes a trip to China.
Kate makes a trip from Beijing to Shanghai.
Susan commutes to Sydney.
George makes a journey from Brazil to Chile.
Larry Page founds Google.
Bill Gates founds Microsoft.
Mark Zuckerberg is a founder of Facebook.
Robin Li is a founder of Baidu.
John founds a foundation.
Mary studies at Cambridge University.
John receives Bachelor's degree from Cambridge University.
Kate obtains Master's degree in Biology from Harvard University.
Susan enters Peking University.
Tom graduates from MIT.
Bill Gates is a donor to Stanford University.
Bill Gates endows Harvard University with some money.
Billy Joel makes a donation of a piano to Stony Brook University.
Steve Jobs donates some money to a school.
Mary is the daughter of John.
Mary is married to John.
Mary and John are married.
Kate is at the age of 20.
Kate is 20.
Kate is under the age of 20.
The Nobel Prize in Physics is awarded to Albert Einstein.
Albert Einstein is granted the Nobel Prize in Physics by Swedish Academy.
Albert Einstein is given the Nobel Prize in Physics by Swedish Academy.
Turing Award is given to Donald Knuth by the Association for Computing Machinery.
Emma Stone is given an Oscar Award by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
Mary gets a cold.
Kate is diagnosed with cancer.
John suffers from headaches.
Susan is infected with a virus.
Kate is diagnosed with diabetes.
Bill Gates resigns as a chairman from Microsoft.
Jeff Immelt retires from GE.
Steve Ballmer steps down as a CEO from Microsoft.
Mary is an Italian.
John has a British nationality.
Susan is a New Yorker.
Denise is a Parisian.
Mary is a Christian.
Steve is a Buddhist.
Mary has a job of a nurse.
Kate is a teacher.
John works at IBM.
Susan works as a singer.
Tom works in Berlin.
Mary works with John.
Mary teams up with John on a project.
Mary is a partner of John.
Mary dies in Italy.
Kate dies in 1876.
John dies of cancer.
An orphan dies from hunger.
A soldier uses a gun.
A laborer operates a machine.
A technician utilizes a tool.
Mary uses a phone.
Syria applies a chemical weapon.
A military's use of a nuclear weapon is against the law.
Jack builds a house.
A company of Hong Kong constructs an airport.
A government constructs a nuclear plant.
John assembles a dresser.
A laborer makes the construction of a new road.
Squeaky Fromme assassinates Gerald Ford.
A gunman kills 50 children.
The army massacres young women.
Rachel is the killer of a policeman.
The police arrest Jack for murder.
Harry is arrested by police for shoplifting.
FBI apprehends a citizen for treason.
Madoff is under arrest by police for fraud.
EFCC arrests a governor on a charge of corruption.
The US launches a strike against Libya.
US troops launch an assault on Benghazi.
A rebel ambushes a soldier.
A mysterious fighter attacks a guardsman.
A gang assaults a young girl.
Bill Gates is a chairman of the Gates Foundation.
King Hussein rules Jordan.
Xi Jinping is the chief of the Communist Party of China.
Larry Page leads Google.
Bill de Blasio is the governor of New York City.
General Motors is a manufacturer of vehicles.
Microsoft is a maker of software.
Nike produces shoes.
Pfizer is a producer of drugs.
Foxconn manufactures smartphones.
Puerto Rico earns 1000000 dollars on tourism.
Warren Buffett makes 1000000 dollars on investment.
Pfizer generates revenue of 1000000 dollars on healthcare.
John has a monthly income of 3000 dollars.
Amazon makes revenue of 300000000 dollars on Ecommerce.
Roger Federer beats Rafael Nadal in US Open.
Donald Trump defeats Hillary Clinton in the US election.
Amazon beats Walmart in online shopping.
Brazil's defeat in the World Cup is unexpected.
A doctor alleviates Jack's pain with a painkiller.
A physician heals Jack with antibiotics.
A doctor treats a soldier with Chinese medicine.
A doctor cures Jack's stomachache with Aspirin.
A hostage returns to the US.
Shinzo Abe visits China.
George approaches to a hospital.
Donald Trump comes to Texas after a hurricane.
The arrival of the British army in Normandy marks the victory of the war.
John exits from Los Angeles.
John leaves a park.
A military departs from Pearl Harbor.
An opponent escapes from Zimbabwe.
Mary calls the police.
John phones a senator.
A company reaches a potential customer.
Mary contacts an employer.
John makes a call to his own girlfriend.
A student protests against the government.
A civilian demonstrates against Saddam Hussein.
A union makes a demonstration against the management of a company.
Mary submits a form to IRS.
A voter hands in a ballot.
A new employee files paperwork.
A correspondent turns in a report to CNN.
IBM files a patent to USPTO.
Kate Winslet co-stars with Leonardo DiCaprio in Titanic.
Kate co-stars with Leonardo in Titanic.
John Mills acts as a soldier in Dunkirk.
John features the role of Hamlet in a new film.
Marlon Brando plays Vito Corleone in The Godfather.
Zoe Saldana appears in Avatar.
Johnny Depp stars Captain Jack Sparrow in Pirates of the Caribbean.
The police release a protester.
Nelson Mandela is released from prison.
A prisoner is released from Iran.
FBI releases a criminal.
Eisenhower signs a treaty.
John accedes to a contract.
The United States signs the Kyoto protocol.
The monarch accedes to a bill.
The UK accedes to a convention.
John publishes a paper in Nature.
John releases an article on waltz.
Donald Knuth publishes a new book with MIT Press.
Cambridge Press releases a memoir of Winston Churchill.
Angelina Jolie releases a new film in Netflix.
Ernest Hemingway publishes a new novel.
John loses 4000 dollars on gambling.
A private investor loses some money.
A hedge fund has a loss of 3000000 dollars on trading.
An airline loses 3000000 dollars on international service.
Mary loses a wallet.
A robber surrenders to police.
Japan surrenders to the Allies.
A protester gives up to authority.
Chapo Guzman surrenders to prison on a charge of smuggling.
Mukhtar Robow surrenders to the government.
Mary writes a description of a frame.
A senator drafts a letter.
A student composes an essay.
John types a manuscript.
Malala Yousafzai authors an autobiography.
John snatches a watch from Mary.
A thief steals a painting from a museum.
John swipes some money from a passenger.
A gang shoplifts a jewel from a shop.
A spy embezzles documents from the governor.
John kicks off the slippers.
Mary peels off the swimsuit.
John removes the raincoat.
Mary slips the blouse.
John takes off the scarf.
Spain participates in the World Cup.
A student engages in a workshop.
A policeman is involved in a shooting.
A buyer is engaged in an auction.
A terrorist is involved in an explosion.
A planter grows wheat.
Tom's grandfather raises corns.
Mary grows vegetables.
John grows potatoes.
A chef grows carrots.
Mary borrows a book from John.
China lends money to Venezuela.
An army lends equipment to an officer.
Oxford University lends a violin to a Syrian refugee.
A seller borrows some shares from a company.
Red Lobster is a seafood restaurant.
McDonald's is a burger restaurant.
Curry Club is an Indian restaurant.
Ippudo is a cheap Asian restaurant in New York City.
Panda Express is a cheap Chinese restaurant.
China exports coals to Japan.
US imports oil from Saudi Arabia.
Germany exports automobiles to Korea.
Russia exports fighters to Iran.
The US imports lambs from Australia.
Mary schedules a meeting.
John sets up a dental appointment.
John arranges a trip to Japan.
Mary schedules an interview.
Some students arrange a forum.